Update pages about links for content and for design (#314)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/topics/design/color/use-of-color.md

parent: Color
description: Learn best practices for how to use color while also considering accessibility.
nav_order: 3
contributors:
  - Joe Dolson
  - Maja Benke
  - Rian Rietveld
---

# Using color

> Using color to differentiate between elements on a page is fine. However, you should avoid using color as the only visual means to differentiate parts of a page. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure "differentiate parts of the page" is exactly what we want here. It's more like "differentiate the meaning of different pieces of information". But I'm not sure of the best way to express that. It's technically fine if color is the only differentiation between sections, as long as those sections are semantically indistinguishable. E.g., they're just decoratively different colors.

Author: Let's leave this for when we update this page, I only wanted to avoid duplicate content about links here and point to related content. 
Issue [130 Use of color](https://github.com/wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs/issues/130) stays open.

For example,

> - Error, success, or note messages, more info in [Write out an error message in text]({site.baseurl}}/docs/topics/forms/feedback/error-message-format/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Error, success, or notification messages, more info in [Write out an error message in text]({site.baseurl}}/docs/topics/forms/feedback/error-message-format/).
```

- Links in the content, more info in [Styling links]({site.baseurl}}/docs/topics/design/links/).
- Active, hover or focus states, more info in [Styling focus and hover states of interactive HTML elements]({site.baseurl}}/docs/topics/design/focus-hover/).

> - Display information updates.

Reviewer: It's not clear to me what this bullet item is describing.

Author: Let's leave this for when we update this page,

Use additional styling to indicate types of information including a change of shape or decoration. 

## Examples

### Correct

Use symbols and colors in graphics.

Graphic with differently shaped symbols in black in white.:
![graphic in color with differently shaped symbols]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/Bildschirmfoto-2017-08-16-um-10.27.20-768x588.png)
![Graphic with differently shaped symbols in black in white]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/Bildschirmfoto-2017-08-16-um-10.33.58-Kopie-768x629.png)

### Incorrect

Color used as the only indicator for information or functionality:
![Graphic: only color used (no symbols)]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/Bildschirmfoto-2017-08-16-um-10.34.46-768x646.png)
![Graphic: only color used (in black and white)]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/images/Bildschirmfoto-2017-08-16-um-10.34.46-Kopie-768x646.png)

> The easiest way to check whether your website is usable for color-blind people is to test it in grayscale. When the color information is extracted, you can more easily see whether your website is still understandable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to check whether your website may be usable by color-blind people is to test it in grayscale. When the color information is extracted, you can more easily see whether your website is still understandable.
```

Reviewer: I think we should leave this as "may be usable" rather than "is usable", as these tests are only approximations.
